You're not Witt
What are you standing there for?
This is not an occasion where you can mess around
Come down quickly
Wasn't that dress on him burned?
Only the waist and skirt were burned
Make the layers of this skirt look more textured
Works better
This is too beautiful, right?
It's just gorgeous
It's not even just pretty.
There is a beauty that is reborn from the ashes
You think it's just a dress
Can you steal today's limelight?
It's Witt Prize time.
You are a vase of nothing
Come down quickly
The universe is a public place
I'm sorry, Sung Woo
Do you think I've embarrassed you?
But I'm fighting for Werther.
This is obviously the moment he won the award
But was upstaged by this shameless woman
Thank you very much.
I am Wei
Impossible for so many years
I have never appeared in front of the palace
today
I want to stand in the spotlight
Take back my trophy upright